COMMUNITY DESCRIPTION
Insert your Community Description in your own words here which describe the who of your project (individuals, group, community, organization, animal, environment, object, place, etc)
Describe the mission and values of the organization and/or those represented by an issue such as social justice and environmental concerns.
In this section you will describe the mission and values of the  organization and/or those represented by the social issue. Every organization has a mission or statement of purpose and other pertinent  information regarding its philosophy, structure and guidelines. Often this can be found in a pamphlet, organizational manual, website, or other document.
What type of leadership structure supports this style? In this section  you will also explore the placement of the organization in relationship to other community organizations or social services within the broader community.
Culver Academies is a private college preparatory coeducational  boarding school in Culver Indiana, grades nine through twelve that draws kids  from all over the world. Culver mission is to educate its students for leadership and responsible citizenship in society by developing and nurturing the whole individual -- mind, spirit, and body -- through integrated programs that emphasize the cultivation of character
A Board of Trustees oversees the Administration of Academies which is comprised of Culver Military Academy founded in 1894 and Culver Girls  Academy established in 1971 and Culver Summer Camps. The management structure  is hierarchical under the leadership of the Head of Schools but internal  circular structures exist between and within each school to allow for  collaboration and innovation among faculty and students. Culver partners with other institutions locally and nationally through organizations like The  Association of Boarding Schools and Independent Schools Association of the  Central States and internal bodies such as the parents Association and Alumni Legion board comprised of the Culver Clubs.
My project will support the Admissions Department and its central  purpose of attracting qualified student applicants by ____.The primary stakeholders which I will manage closely in my project are: ....... The Secondary Stakeholders are: ..... The Peripheral Stakeholders are: ......
