CONTACTS AND STAKEHOLDERS
Insert your Contact Information here.
Project Contact are human resources: key resource people and organizations involved in helping yourr project. You will list the individuals name and contact information: address, telephone number and/or email.
Below is a sample contact list:
1. Classroom teacher Mr. Tulungen or Mrs. McKinnis
2. Contact person
3. Field Supervisor
4. Individuals that helped you along the way
5. Resource person and those you contacted such as newspapers, other organizations and information sources
Stakeholders Analysis
In this page you need to include your Stakeholder Identification and Stakeholder Analysis.
Who  are the stakeholders? They are anyone who would have an impact or interest in the organization and/or benefit from the outcome of the project. Parents, organizations, the media, businesses, government  officials, teachers, students may be the stakeholders for one project.
The steps of Stakeholder Analysis are explained below:
1. Identifying Your Stakeholders:
The first step in your stakeholder analysis is to brainstorm who your stakeholders are. As part of this, think of all the people who are affected by your work, who have influence or power over it, or have an interest in its successful or unsuccessful conclusion.
Remember that  although stakeholders may be both organizations and people, ultimately you must communicate with people. Make sure that you identify the correct individual stakeholders within a stakeholder organization. Sample of Stakeholder Analysis:
Stakeholder 			Interest						Priority	Impact	Strategy
Culver children			Learning experience				1			+		Keep Satisfied
Parents					Interaction with their children	1			+		Keep Satisfied
Dave Surovchak			Trainer, Sponsor				1			+		Keep Informed
Al Clark				Athletic director				2			+		Keep Informed
Culver Faculty/Staff	Prospective parents				1			+		Keep Informed/Satisfied
Culver Academies		Good relations					3			+		Keep Satisfied
Culver Community		Good relations					3			+		Keep Satisfied
Culver soccer teams		Prospective players				3			+		Monitor
Nathaniel King			Trainer/Soccer Coach			1			+		Keep Informed
2. Prioritize Your Stakeholders:
You may now have a long list of people and organizations that are affected by your work. Some of these may have the power either to block or advance. Some may be interested in what you are doing, others may not care. Map out your stakeholders on a Power/Interest Grid on our free template as shown in figure 1, and classify them by their power over your work and by their interest in your work. For example, your boss is likely to have high power and influence over your projects and high interest. Your family may have high interest, but are unlikely to have power over it. Someone's position on the grid shows you the actions you have to take with them:
High power, interested people: these are the people you must fully engage and make the greatest efforts to satisfy.
High power, less interested people: put enough work in with these people to keep them satisfied, but not so much that they become bored with your message.
Low power, interested people: keep these people adequately informed, and talk to them to ensure that no major issues are arising. These people can often be very helpful with the detail of your project.
Low power, less interested people: again, monitor these people, but do not bore them with excessive communication.
3. Understanding  your key stakeholders:
You now need to know  more about your key stakeholders. You need to know how they are likely to feel about and react to your project. You also need to know how best to engage them in your project and how best to communicate with them.
At the end grouped your stakeholders. Stakeholders can be grouped into the following categories:
Primary Stakeholders - those involved in every aspect of the project and the recipients of the service.
Secondary Stakeholders - those involved in some of the aspects of the project.
Peripheral Stakeholders - those that may not have helped with the implementation of the project but are a resource.&nbsp; They may not feel that they have much to gain from the project but are supportive.
