Insert your final evaluation or final reflection of your project here. Evaluation or final reflection will be the closing step of the project. Upon completing the field experience and project evaluation, you will read through your journal, review your portfolio and reflect on your experience. The evaluation or final reflection is a review of the whole experience (What they learned and how it connects with their life). It is based on the facts of what you accomplished in your project <strong>not only</strong> your feelings about the project. This should be a comprehensive reflection that shows a complete understanding of the benefits of the project to all stakeholders, especially to you. You may consider again the evaluation questions:
a.	What went well?
b.	What strengths did you bring to the project?
c.	What parts of the experience will become a treasured memory?
d.	If you had longer time to work on this what would you do next?
e.	What connections can you draw between your project experience and their earliest memories of service?
f.	What are the major accomplishement of your project? What goal you succesfully achived and what goal you failed to achive and why?
g.	etc.
Sample Final Evaluation
March 15th, 2009
It's all over! It's hard to believe I've been working on this project for about a year now. I'm so glad I chose to run the blood drive as my senior service project. I've learned a lot, come a long way, and have a new appreciation for those Red Cross volunteers! I only had to give up two days to run bloodmobiles, but they do it all the time...quite the task, I'd say. Over these past several months, I've spent my service time organizing materials for the drives, advertising for the  bloodmobiles, signing people up, donating my own blood, and facilitating all the details of the drives on both December 7th and March 11th.
It went really well over all. Granted, since this is about the twentieth time the Red Cross has come to Culver it's pretty hard to screw up, but someone still has to do it. There were eight seniors who chose to do this as their senior service project this year, which I think is so exciting because it means a lot of people were interested! If that hadn't been the case, those students who perhaps would reluctantly volunteer for lack of a better idea may not have put forth so much effort. With so many people it would be easy to slack-off, but we had nearly 100% attendance at every meeting and bloodmobile, and everyone was equally eager to give up their extra time to help set up and clean up for both events.
That being said, I think the most important strengths people brought to  the project were vitality/zest and kindness. Along the way, yet other characteristics manifested themselves, such as teamwork, when we coordinated all our ideas to get everything accomplished; industry/persistence, as we all went the extra mile to make certain all our plans when off without a hitch; and creativity, such as the times we decided to play music to soothe peoples' nerves, or wear the blood drop costume during lunch to attract potential donors. Surely our project ended up even more successful because of these traits, but none of our goals would have come to fruition without the innate enthusiasm we all had for the project on account of our generosity, compassion, and willingness to give back to the community. I suppose I can't speak  for everyone, but as far as I know, we all had a great time helping out and even made some new friends in the form of Red Cross nurses!
Though it's a long process with a lot of 'behind the scenes' work comprised of organization, preparation, and meeting, the really treasured parts are the blood drives themselves. And I promise, it has nothing to do with getting out of classes! From lugging heavy boxes and carts full of equipment off the trucks and into the gym, despite of cold weather, to being ready with an orange juice or chocolate chip cookie at a moment's notice, to letting strangers stick needles into me and pump out my blood, <em>those</em> days are the best ones! It's always a warm feeling when you see your  friends, teachers, and coaches walk into the gym, maybe despite their fears or busy schedules, to give blood and help out others. Of course, there';s a social element to it all as well, and I particularly enjoyed 'comforting' my friends after their donation experience during the 10 minute waiting period. Admittedly, there were times Mr. Chastain suggested I be a little less interested in the conversations that occurred among the &ldquo;well&rdquo; donors, and focused a tad more on those who  actually needed my assistance! It was never for lack of trying that I  neglected a duty, but only because I became so excited about something else going on that I simply got distracted. Talk about zest!
If I  had been a junior this year and so had the opportunity to work on the blood drive again next year, I think I would still push to get them to come maybe one more time. It just seems logical that they come more often when someone could theoretically give blood six times a year. I would also try to plan for the blood drives we definitely do have a bit  earlier also - it takes more time to coordinate meeting times, advertise and post flyers, get announcements in the DB and at the all-school than one might think! Next time, too, I may finally muster the courage to don the blood drop suit during my lunch hour...just maybe! With enough time and preparation, those who take on the task next year might consider yet more options for advertising also. Or encouraging, anyway. It seems a lot of people <em>know</em> about the blood drive, but aren&rsquo;t necessarily convinced of its importance, and so let little scheduling conflicts or a minor fear of needles get in the way. Possibly if we put together a power point presentation to  show during an assembly that really demonstrates how much your donation  can do and how many lives it can save, it may pull at enough heart  strings to bump the number of units up so we can reach our goals.
I remember in my initial course reflections I wrote about how I used to  donate my allowance money to animal shelters. Even though this  experience with service seems quite different, it all evokes the same  emotions. After stuffing my crumpled one and five dollar bills into an envelope after reading a particularly moving letter from the ASPCA or other rescue agency, I would spend the rest of the day wondering what little kitten my contribution would save, or what puppy would find a new home. Now, after I come to after passing out from donating blood, regardless of shaky limbs or bruised veins, I have the privilege of day  dreaming for hours afterwards, thinking about the tiny baby who can now grow up strong, or the victim in a car crash whose life will be saved because of a blood transfusion. Particularly because, as an O+ blood type, I am a universal donor, I feel my blood has particular value in helping those around me. It doesn't matter that I no longer receive an  allowance, that my bank account balance is $2.08 or that I can't write a check to fund a gigantic public library. My contribution is valuable no matter what, and so is everyone else's (as long as you don't have AIDS, or with a few other exceptions...). Regardless of any temporary setback, or maybe even more so because of that sacrifice, giving to others in your community who are in need is <em>always</em> a great feeling!
